Pre-migration CQA task for the REST API title (#4937)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_modifying-a-smart-class-parameter-by-using-an-external-file.adoc

= Modifying a Smart Class parameter by using an external file

[role="_abstract"]

> You can modify Puppet Smart Class parameters by using external JSON files to simplify working with complex parameter values, enabling syntax highlighting and error detection in your editor.

Reviewer: Sentence split. Try to avoid long sentences.

```suggestion
You can modify Puppet Smart Class parameters by using external JSON files to simplify working with complex parameter values. That way, you can enable syntax highlighting and error detection in your editor.
```
